the film starts with a convoy of soldiers
transporting a highly classified package from area
51 as the soldiers speculate as to what it could
be a newlywed couple is driving down the same road
and the husband becomes distracted by his new
wife the couple crashes into the truck blowing
themselves up while the payload comes loose the
soldiers approach it and are met by a humongous
zombie zeus who proceeds to tear the soldiers
apart he corners the two soldiers and rips one's
jaw off before biting the other one the two become
zombies and zeus has his sights set on las vegas
zombies soon start to overrun vegas leading
several mercenaries to head in and eliminate
as many creatures as possible many casualties
occur but soon the whole city becomes walled off
from the rest of the world years pass and one of
the mercenaries scott ward is working at a diner
when he is approached by billionaire casino
owner bly tanaka he informs scott that there is
200 million dollars beneath the vegas strip under
his hotel and he wants scott and a team to get the
money before the government nukes vegas to wipe
out all the zombies tanaka tells scott that he can
take 50 million dollars and split it amongst his
crew scott's daughter kate works as a volunteer at
a quarantine zone camp she is friends with a woman
named jita and helps her look after her two kids
jita wants to enlist the aid of a woman named lily
nicknamed the coyote who helps smuggle people out
of the camp past the city jeta just wants to
get enough money to bribe the guards to get her
and her kids out of the camps the ladies are then
harassed by a volatile guard named bert cummings
who looks for whatever excuse he can to torment
the women scott is haunted by the fact that he was
forced to kill his wife in front of kate after she
became a zombie and it is part of why kate hasn't
seen him in years he reluctantly agrees with
tanaka to go through with the job scott begins by
recruiting an old friend and teammate maria cruz
who is working as a mechanic she doesn't hesitate
to join scott and they go recruit another former
teammate van der rohe who works at a retirement
home they then go after helicopter pilot marianne
peters then to the zombie killer mikey guzman
and lastly the safe cracker ludwig dieter the team
prepared and got their old weapons back to ready
to be used on their mission then the team goes to
meet tanaka to go over the plan guzman brings two
other members damon and chambers tanaka brief to
them on how to do their job they need to fight the
zombies and goes towards the casino then the safe
cracker opens the safe and proceed with flying out
through with the helicopter that is waiting on the
roof but damon leaves when he learns that zombies
are involved tanaka sends them with his right-hand
man martin scott reunites with kate although it is
obviously a rough reunion then they head towards
the city's entrance where they recruit lily to
join them but when kate learns vegeta asked lily
for help and didn't come back from the city with
her kate punches lily in the face lily insists
that she did not intend to leave jeeta behind
but there is a possibility she is still alive
kate decides to join the team despite scott's
objections lily also manages to get cummings
to go along claiming she needs one more guy
the team makes it into vegas where they find a
zombie tiger named valentine guarding the outside
as they proceed to move forward lily shoots
cummings in the leg and ties him up stating
that there are smarter stronger alpha zombies out
there and she intended to bring cummings as an
offering in retribution for him raping the women
at the camps the team hides while the queen of the
zombies the bride comes by to sniff coombings
before she and another zombie drag him away
to the olympus casino where kate thinks jeeta
may be sure enough kummings is brought before
zeus and his horde of alpha zombies and zeus turns
the cowardly guard into one of them with a bite
the team moves forward underground where
lily warns them about the hibernating zombies
they attempt to move quietly past the zombies and
martin throws off a mark so chambers cannot follow
the path and chambers accidentally bumps into
one she stabs it in the head but another wakes up
head stab then another wakes up head stab again
the last one's arm causes some trays to slide down
causing noise that wakes all the zombies up
chambers manages to kill a few but she becomes
overwhelmed and bitten martin locked the door so
chambers could not follow and tell the group but
she manages to jump off from the window and kill
more zombies but is trapped and bitten she looks
to guzman who remorsefully shoots one of her
gas tanks to blow her and the other zombies up
so that the others can get out the team makes it
further in where they discover more blueprints to
the building meaning tanaka has had other teams
come in and die for his money martin claims to
deny knowing anything about it the team splits
up peter's starting up the helicopter martin and
lily going to do a perimeter check dieter joining
van der rohe and guzman to the vault and scott and
kate going to turn on the power while together
scott and kate discuss them being estranged
which kate says had more to do with scott
not being there for her after her mom died
meanwhile dieter tries to find a safe way into
the safe when he and the others find multiple
skeletons of other mercenaries outside martin
and lily encounter the bride martin manages to
overpower her and behead her telling lily that the
head is worth more than what is in the vault van
der rohe and guzman find a zombie to use his
bait by tossing a microwaved hand to the end
of the hall so that he can set off all the booby
traps and leave the path safe for the other three
the helicopter starts to malfunction and peters
has to fix it at the same time the others learn
that the nuke launch has been moved up leaving
them until sunset to get the money and flee
zeus later rides by on his zombie horse and finds
the bride's headless body he mourns her the rest
of the team reconvenes down by the vault where
dieter successfully opens it the team rejoices
in their discovery to see so much money and then
they start to take their shares out while zeus at
the olympus pulls out their unborn zombie baby he
roars and leads the other alphas to get the humans
on their way out maria admits to scott that
she agreed to the mission not for the money
but for him he admits that he thought he messed
things up between them after the outbreak but it
appears they are willing to give it another
shot meanwhile zeus is leading his alpha
zombies to hunt down the humans at the casino an
elevator full of zombies comes down one of them
grabs maria's head and twists it 180 degrees to
scott's horror but he is forced to fight and run
meanwhile martin traps lily as he escapes with the
bride's head saying that that's what tanaka wanted
all along with the intention of using her dna to
create a whole zombie army to control dieter and
van der rohe fight off the zombies near the vault
but dieter is killed while van der oe becomes
trapped inside the vault when it shuts martin
tries to make off with a head but is found by
valentine who tosses him around viciously until
finally making a meal out of martin's head the
team continues to try and escape the horde while
scott was surrounded and chased by many zombies
he managed to kill some scott and lily were able
to reach another elevator but guzman is bitten and
sets off grenades to kill the zombies and himself
scott and lily make it to the fixed helicopter
but they are found by zeus lily holds the bride's
head having switched it before martin found out
and uses it to hold zeus off while scott and
peters get away zeus impales lily with a bar
but she tosses the bride's head and makes it
splatter on the pavement before zeus can get it
scott realizes that kate went to the olympus to
try and find jita and he convinces peters to help
him find her kate finds jita and another woman
named sadie they encounter the zombified kumings
who kills sadie before the other zombies show up
kate shoots coombings in the head while trying
to get away with jitta the two encounter scott
who holds zeus off with a grenade they make it
to the roof where peters appears to have left them
but she comes back after changing her mind as they
fly away zeus jumps onto the chopper and fights
scott zeus almost fell off but recovered and
continued to fight scott amidst the chaos peters
was accidentally shot and made it hard to fly the
chopper and almost crashed down peters attempts to
fly fast enough just as the nuke flies pass them
to vegas in the ensuing chaos zeus bites scott in
the shoulder just as the nuke reaches vegas and is
blown off scott manages to grab his gun and blow
zeus's head off the impact of the blast catches
up to the chopper and causes it to crash killing
peters and jitta kate survives and goes to scott
who is dying he gives her enough money to help
cheetahs kids get out of the camp she tearfully
says goodbye to her father and shoots him in
the head when he becomes a zombie kate breaks
down just as another helicopter comes to recover
her in the ruins of vegas vandro emerges from the
vault with his shares of the money he finds a car
and drives to an airport where he rents a private
plane as he does a toast with the stewardesses he
starts to feel dizzy bendero goes to the bathroom
and discovers a bite mark on his arm and the pilot
says they are about to descend into mexico city
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next
videos